docs: add docs for the available query filter for workspaces and users (#7875)
coder/coder: docs/workspaces.md

> Note: Logs are truncated once they reach 5MB in size.

> ## Filtering workspaces
> 
> In the Coder UI you can filter your workspaces using the pre-defined filter or by using the Coder's filter query like the examples below:
> 
> - `owner:me` to find the workspaces that you own
> - `status:running` to find `running` workspaces
> 
> The supported filters are:
> 
> - `owner` - The `username` of the owner. You can also use `me` as an alias for the logged in user.
> - `template` - The name of the template.
> - `status` -  The status of the workspace. You can [find here](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/codersdk#WorkspaceStatus) all the statuses that are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workspace Filtering

In the Coder UI, you can filter your workspaces using pre-defined filters or employing the Coder's filter query. Take a look at the following examples to understand how to use the Coder's filter query:

- To find the workspaces that you own, use the filter `owner:me`.
- To find workspaces that are currently running, use the filter `status:running`.

The following filters are supported:

- `owner` - Represents the `username` of the owner. You can also use `me` as a convenient alias for the logged-in user.
- `template` - Specifies the name of the template.
- `status` - Indicates the status of the workspace. For a list of supported statuses, please refer to the [WorkspaceStatus documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/codersdk#WorkspaceStatus).
```
